(birds chirping)
Dad, I'm heading out.
(joyful music)
All right, mom, I'm leaving now.
You're leaving awfully late.
Aren't you supposed to be on
Lord Seventh's guard detail?
No, I'm assigned to
the previous Hokage,
it's fine if I'm late.
The previous, you mean Kakashi?
And Mr. Guy too.
Don't expect me back for
at least two or three days.
Well, just be careful.
Okay.
(joyful music)
My name is Mirai Sarutobi.
My mom has distinctive
black hair,
and so did my late father.
And this is the unruly
hair I'm cursed with.
(joyful music)
I'm told that it was my father
who picked out the name Mirai.
Why that name?
'Cause it sounds
optimistic and thoughtful.
It probably just sounded
like a lucky name.
(Opening Theme music)
That's my grandpa,
the third Hokage.
His name's Hiruzen.
Please, please make sure
today's mission turns out
to be a huge success.
Yeah, I'm praying.
Of course I'm gonna pray,
Lord Seventh is someone
I respect a great deal.
And he personally asked
for me on this mission.
No one's gonna lay a
finger on Lord Sixth.
And Mr. Guy, that's just not
gonna happen while I'm around.
[Boruto] I can understand
praying to the other Hokage,
but praying to my dad
won't get you anywhere.
Boruto, Shikamaru sensei.
Hey there.
How odd, I hardly
ever see you together.
Well, he really wanted to try
the new burger they
just came out with.
Although it really
wasn't anything special.
What, are your taste
buds destroyed?
And naturally I'm the one
that had to pay for it.
Dammit, such a drag.
You heading out on
a mission, Mirai?
Oh yeah, you're
guarding someone, right?
Yeah, Lord Sixth, and Mr. Guy.
I'm a little early though.
So I thought I'd stop by here
to pay respects to grandpa.
You really have become
quite a fine ninja.
Thank you, but I'm
still just a student
compared to you, sensei.
Listen, it's just my dad.
You don't have to
use that polite tone.
I have no tone, okay?
So you using them?
Yes, of course I am.
But they're proving
to be quite difficult.
I can't seem to use them
like you do, sensei.
I understand.
But your chakra nature is
just like your dad's was,
so I don't think there's
any real reason why
you can't master your
dad's old chakra blades.
Wow, thank you, sensei,
I'll do my best.
There's that tone I
was talking about.
All right, that's
enough out of you.
You keep it up, Shikadai,
and one day soon
you're gonna get it.
I'm counting on you
for that, Mirai sensei.
Dad, come on.
Better just give up
while you can, Shikadai.
Oh yeah, sensei, the
answer is bonds, right?
Huh, what are you
talking about now?
The question that
you gave me before,
you didn't forget,
did you, you know,
what's the king that a
shinobi should protect.
Oh right, that question.
The symbol for king can
also be read as gem,
it's a play on that
saying about a flawless
unbounded gem, right?
I mean, is it right?
Anyway, so what's
precious to a shinobi
is they're flawless bonds.
Totally wrong.
What, seriously, I wasn't right?
Look, Mirai, sometimes
you overthink things,
just try and look at it
more simply, that's all.
(rock music)
Okay, sensei, don't worry,
I'll get it right the next time.
Well, do your best.
After that Himawari was
being such a know-it-all.
Still, that's not so bad.
At least you have a sister,
I'm jealous, I wish
I had siblings.
Really, I'm jealous of you
for the opposite reason.
I wanna hurry up
and become a chunin
so I can go on missions
that are higher than B rank.
Yeah, well guess what?
Just between the two of us,
the mission I'm being sent
on today is so important
it's been classified
as even beyond S rank.
What, S rank?
Whoa, what kind of
mission is it anyway?
Well, you see, Boruto, I'm-
You're just strolling
around the villages
along the national
border with Lord Sixth?
And Mr. Guy.
That basically just sounds
like a leisurely vacation,
if you ask me.
Yeah, on the surface it does.
However, Lord Sixth and Mr. Guy,
is personally
handling this mission.
There's just no way that
it's an ordinary trip.
A good shinobi must be able
to read between the lines,
you see, I'm supposed to pretend
that all I'm doing
is accompanying them.
But if something happens,
I have to put my
life on the line
to make sure that
Lord Sixth stays safe.
It's completely obvious
that this is going to be
an extremely difficult mission.
Well, all right, if
you say so, Mirai.
Anyway, just give
it your all, see ya.
That kid's got no charm at all.
Oh, well.
(rock music)
In just a couple of days the
entire Hidden Leaf Village,
no, the whole shinobi world
will know of the great
achievements made by me,
Mirai Sarutobi who crushed
all of the foul evildoers
and managed to protect
Lord Sixth and Mr. Guy.
[Guy] This breeze sure is
nice, isn't it, Kakashi?
Yes, I'm really glad that
the weather turned out
to be so lovely today.
Wait, I don't get it.
How come there isn't
any tension in the air,
and besides, what's
with that big luggage
for just a two or
three day trip?
Isn't that way too
much to lug along?
What, has he forgotten
that he's a shinobi?
Mirai?
What is it, Mr. Guy?
Answer me this, have you
forgotten that you're a shinobi?
What's that?
Remember, all three of
us are just supposed
to be ordinary
citizens on a trip,
so we can't make it so
obvious that we're shinobi.
Oh, right, pardon me.
(birds chirping)
Listen, Mirai, blending
into the masses
is a technique that
shinobi need to master.
I don't think the masses
walk on their hands
so much, though.
Guy, don't you think
you're gonna stick out
a little too much if
you're doing that?
Way to go, Lord Sixth,
a wise observation.
I stick out whatever I do.
[Kakashi] Bull-headed
shrike, huh?
Brings back memories.
Yeah, about what?
Well, for one thing, do you
remember how back in the day
you used to do those
one-handed pushups
over a large post
that had been driven
into the ground all the time?
And once your hand slipped
and you fell belly first
down onto the post
and ended up vomiting.
Well, now when I see
a bull-headed shrike,
all that I can picture
is you out of breath
and all bent over that post.
Listen, would you please
forget about that?
What kind of
conversation is this?
I mean, seriously,
how can they take
this beyond S rank mission
that we're on so lightly?
No, this is a superior technique
of blending into the masses.
I gotta hand it to Lord Sixth,
he makes himself
look so absentminded,
masking his stature as
the previous Hokage.
He must always be dodging
evil left and right.
Yes, carelessness is a
shinobi's worst enemy,
like this knapsack.
I have to keep my hands
free at all times
so that I'm able to use my kunai
or shuriken at any moment.
Well, there are exceptions,
but anyone carrying
a large knapsack
should be viewed with suspicion
as a possible shinobi.
That cane, is a
sword hidden inside?
(birds chirping)
What's wrong, you have such
a scary look on your face.
Oh, it's nothing.
Don't tell me you
suspected that old man
who just passed by
of being a shinobi?
No way, as if, I was
just checking out
that grassy area over
there to make sure
that no enemies leap
out at us or anything.
Leaping enemies, huh?
I don't think that
usually happens here.
Yes, you're right, of course.
Your ears are all
red, they're burning.
No, they aren't.
I gotta calm down, this
journey's just getting started.
If I wear myself out too early,
I won't be any good on
this beyond S rank mission.
You do know where the
sacred place is, right?
Yeah, don't worry, I
double checked everything.
Sacred place, sacred place?
Like a hallowed divine location?
I knew there was
something big going on.
Maybe a secret code,
it's starting to smell
like a beyond S rank mission.
(eagle screaming)
Is that it?
It is.
Sacred place, let's go.
(joyful music)
(grunting)
We've reached a draw again.
Well, then let's try once more.
What do you expect
with a rubber kunai?
Well, it was a nice
challenge between friends.
All right, let's try
again at the next stand.
-Sure.
-Wait,
you're gonna do it again?
Shouldn't we go to
the sacred place?
-Hold on.
-Oh, my arm.
These guys are always around
in touristy places like this.
A pickpocket?
Hey, Mirai, can you go and
call a security guard for us?
There you go.
Oh, come on.
Dummies.
Hold it.
Hey, stop.
Tree bind death.
What, what is this?
Let me go.
Stop, stop it.
[Woman] Yeah, can I have.
I hate to say it,
but I've gotten old,
back when I was still young,
I was able to punch 100, no,
make that 200 pickpockets
before they could
even grab my wallet.
Although to be fair, Guy,
you really shouldn't
punch someone
before they even
do anything wrong.
Yes, that's true.
(laughing)
Will you two knock
it off already?
How can you, guys,
be so careless?
I know it's my fault
for letting a pickpocket
get close to you, but still,
the both of you have
to be more aware
of the danger around you.
First of all, merely
grabbing that guy's arm
was nowhere near enough.
You should have at
least broken his arm
to remove the threat.
I wouldn't do something
like that out of nowhere.
I mean, I'm not Guy.
Actually, even I
wouldn't go that far.
But, Lord Sixth, come on.
Hey, careful, Mirai, we're
supposed to be disguised.
So don't call me that.
Calling him Lord Sixth is
like announcing to the world
that he's the former Hokage.
I'm so sorry, Mr. Kakashi
and Mr. Guy too of course.
Look, just hold
on, here, open it.
(rock music)
You see, they just
took my decoy wallet.
This is just your decoy wallet?
To be well-prepared
means no worries.
Being earnest is
a great quality,
but still it's
important to remember
there are other ways besides
power to settle things.
Well, that's just how it is.
Oh, I see.
I guess I went a little
overboard back there.
Yes, you're right, a
petty thief is nothing.
Not compared to a mission
even higher than S rank.
Right, Mr. Kakashi?
Mr. Kakashi?
There it is, there's no mistake.
Wait, there's what?
We've reached it,
the tree in question,
we finally found
the sacred place.
(birds chirping)
This is really it,
the sacred place?
Yeah, seems so.
Since it's sacred,
that means it must be
extremely important.
Isn't that correct?
Yes, extremely important.
-Guy.
-Right.
-Mirai.
-Yes.
I'm standing on it right now.
I'm atop the sacred place
that's the site of
"Make-out Paradise".
What now, make-out what?
It's called "Make-out Paradise".
Kakashi's favorite book
since he was young.
This is the very location
where the movie
adaptation was filmed.
It's what now exactly?
This is bad, I have absolutely
no idea what's going on here.
My long-cherish dream has
been realized at last.
You've wanted to come here
for so so long, Kakashi.
For a grown man to become
as emotional as this,
that must be one
magnificent book.
So then this "Make-out
Paradise" book,
what's it all about anyway?
You wanna know what
it's about, huh?
I can't, no, I
just can't say it.
If it's as famous as you say,
then I'd really
like to read it too.
-No, it's too soon for you.
You saying that just makes me
even more curious about it.
Very well, then read this book.
It's called "Leap-out Youth",
24 hours of hotblooded
exercises edited by me.
And there's a companion video
that lets you exercise
with me for 24 hours.
24 hours of exercise,
that's not even possible.
Don't be shy, let's all
take a commemorative photo.
[Kakashi] "Make-out Paradise".
And here I thought the
whole sacred place thing
was somehow related to the
mission we were sent on.
You think we can refocus
and get back to that now?
Why don't we spend
tonight here in the town?
It's starting to
get rather late.
Yes, I agree.
We should take a nice,
hot soak somewhere.
We are on vacation after all.
Huh, on vacation?
I have to say, you
have it rough, Kakashi.
Unless it's for some kind of
mission, on paper at least,
you aren't really allowed
to leave the village
like this at all.
So you mean the whole
purpose of this trip
was to just go on
vacation, really?
But isn't there a mission
that's beyond S rank?
What, sorry, but there's
no such thing as that.
I thought it was strange
you being so pumped up.
What?
(playful music)
Guard duty, nothing unusual.
It's so cold.
Maybe a holiday for them, but
a mission's still a mission.
I'll do this, you know,
tempura, that must be nice.
Hey, he's stole one.
Come on, acting like
a kid at his age.
And Mr. Kakashi
didn't even notice it.
Huh?
Where did he go?
You're gonna catch a cold.
It's really very hard
to enjoy my dinner
while you're out here
doing this, you know?
But you didn't even notice
when Mr. Guy stole your tempura.
Tempura, oh, that, I've never
really been a fan of it.
So Guy always just
eats it for me.
Even though at his age
he's always complaining
about indigestion.
He's nice to help,
though, isn't he?
Oh, really, is that so?
Look, why don't you quit
chomping on food pills
and come inside, join us.
No, thank you, but I
just couldn't do that.
I'm only an attendant.
Well, I'm just like a kid
acting so proud, terrible.
Besides, if I don't
eat food pills
and act like I'm
on a real mission,
then I wouldn't know
what I'm doing here.
At least go warm up
in the hot springs.
Aren't you getting
cold out here?
This is part of my mission, so.
You know, Mirai, it's funny,
watching you reminds me of
Asuma when he was young.
The awkwardness that
you seem to be feeling
is just so like him.
Has anyone told you that?
A lot of people have told
me about my father before,
but to be honest, it really
hasn't hit home for me.
He may be my father,
but everybody else knows so
much more about him than I do.
Do you really
think I'm like him?
You're exactly like
him in so many ways.
The way you put on a tough front
and the stubborn
sharpness you have.
So my father was sharp?
He had the eyes of
a carnivorous beast
that's hunting prey.
I mean, he sure didn't look
like someone on a vacation.
I see, and not
winning any prizes
at the target game
and all of that stuff,
was it merely part of the
plan to fool ordinary people?
No way, it was all
completely for real.
Huh?
Guy thought that if
we won you a prize,
then just maybe you might
begin to loosen up a little,
but then that Kurama toy
was impossible to get.
I think that I understand.
I guess that you're
just too much for me.
But you know, lately
I've been thinking about
how my generation can't ever
truly be like yours was,
Mr. Kakashi.
What do you mean?
The types of enemies that
we encounter these days
are armed bandits, or at
most degenerate shinobi,
there's just no way
that catching petty
bad guys like that
is going to allow us to surpass
the previous generation.
Huh?
I mean, I know that being
at peace is a good thing.
It's just in an age
of peace like this
I wonder what point continuing
to be a shinobi serves.
I see, so that's why
you were so enthusiastic
this afternoon.
You were hoping this mission
would let you leave your mark
and win some
recognition, weren't you?
That sounds about right.
I'm sure that my father
never stressed out
over something as
trivial as all of this.
I think that if Asuma
could see you now,
he'd be very proud.
Thank you, even if
you're just consoling me.
I'm going to take
a long, hot soak
and then I'll
complete this mission.
That sounds like a great idea.
Although, I really
have to tell you,
now I'm beginning
to have some regrets
that this is all
going to be over
in just a couple of days.
Oh, well, I believe
that I told them
this mission would take 20 days.
Is it possible that
when we said 20 days,
you misheard it as two days?
I got it all wrong.
Yeah, I thought as much.
No, the thing is the number two
just kept sticking in my brain
with all the running around
and packing, and praying at
my dad's altar and stuff,
20 days somehow turned
into two days in my mind.
What am I gonna do?
I only brought
clothes for two days.
What am I gonna do,
what am I gonna do?
-This is just awful.
-Yeah, I wondered
why you brought such
a small backpack.
You know what?
For now I'm just
gonna take a bath.
(rock music)
You're really quite an
unlucky girl, aren't you?
It's just, no, I'm
normally not like this.
Look, we'll be
crossing the border
between nations tomorrow and
entering the land of steam.
Just bear with it
till then, okay?
Good night, Mirai.
the land of steam,
the land where my
father's killer was born.
(Ending Theme music)
(rock music)
Everyone in the hot
springs district
is wearing either a
cat or a dog mask,
I wonder what kind
of festival this is.
[Kakashi] This is the
dog and cat festival
or the cat and dog festival.
It's a day when cat lovers
and dog lovers fight it out.
[Mirai] What, Mr.
Kiba's here too?
Next time on Boruto
Naruto Next Generations.
The steam ninja scrolls,
the dog and cat war.
Kiba and his girlfriend
are fighting.
(Ending Theme Music)